Collabnotes
===========

Collabnotes is a new approach to the way students take notes in class. Traditionally, students bring pens and paper to class to take handwritten notes that they can hopefully study later. With newer generations, there are many students who have decided to switch over to tablets and laptops for their note taking experience. In both of these cases, the main idea is that students take notes by themselves, for themselves. This encourages learning and studying to be a private matter, when it should be considered a collaborative one. Collabnotes is an online note taking service that will allow students of the same class to finally have the collaborative note taking experience that they deserve. Users will be able to define new classes that don't currently exist or join classes that other users have made. Once in a class, user can take and submit notes online that other students of that class will be able to see, and also comment on in order to improve that note's study value later. The question that always arises after students hear about this app is: what about those moochers? Those people that just want to use the notes and not the class. Collabnotes does not intend to encourage its users to start skipping classes, and notes will never be a proper substitute for a good professor. To prove this to our users, we have designed a system of karma that has become a core feature of this app. Users will have the ability to upvote other users' apps and comments. Users will then be awarded "karma" based on the number of upvotes that they receive, and based on their total contribution to that class. Karma will be managed on a class to class basis, but in every class, karma can go both up and down. Collabnotes is new approach to providing students with the tools that they need to help each other succeed. Just remember, what goes around, comes around, so take notes, study hard, and build some good karma.
